.TH eu 1 "" eu ""
.SH eu pfm image file viewer
.P
.I
eu
is a no-bs color managed pfm viewer with support for xyz input and custom color profiles for output.
.P
the name
.I
eu
is chosen because it is short and extremely fast to type
on a dvorak keyboard (homerow left hand, right hand is presumably copy-
pasting the file name argument with the mouse). don't like it: rename
your binary.
.P
eu needs next to no resources (one uint8_t frontbuffer, just the resolution
of the window), all files are mmapped and worked on directly. this is also
the reason why so far it only supports pfm, but other formats should
be possible, too. heavy compression will make it very inefficient though.
.P
usage:
.P
 eu [many.pfm files]
.P
some features are hinted at by the [h]elp text overlay:
.P
[e]+mouse drag: adjust exposure
.P
[1] toggle 1:1 and 1:2 zoom
.P
[2] zoom to fit
.P
[3] zoom to fill
.P
[r] show only red channel
.P
[g]
.P
[b]
.P
[c] back to color channels
.P
[arrow keys] switch image
.P
[h] toggle help overlay
.P
[q][esc] quit
.P
[m] toggle gamut mapping method
.P
[p] toggle output color profile
.P
[i] toggle input color profile (xyz and pass through)
.P
[t] toggle tone curve (linear and L/(L+1) tone mapping)
.P
[f] flag image (jump between flagged with shift-arrow keys)
.P
[d] dump current screen buffer (uint8_t) to dump.ppm
.SH building
.P
edit `config.mk' (example supplied) to match your screen profile if you want one. then type `make'.
.SH batch mode
.P
 eu input.pfm -o output.pfm
.P
will process input.pfm to output.pfm using the last active processing settings from interactive use. will process full-res image.
.SH files
.P
~/.config/eu/eurc is a binary dump of last used settings.

